Completes arm64 backend for SIMD instructions (#644)
tetratelabs/wazero: README.md

execute WebAssembly Modules (Wasm), which are most often binaries with a `.wasm`
extension.

> wazero is a [WebAssembly 1.0][1] and [WebAssembly 2.0][2] spec compliant runtime written in Go. It has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wazero is a WebAssembly Core Specification [1.0][1] and [2.0][2] compliant runtime written in Go. It has
```

### Conformance

> Both runtimes pass [WebAssembly 1.0][7] and [WebAssembly 2.0][14] specification tests on supported platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both runtimes pass WebAssembly Core [1.0][7] and [2.0][14] specification tests on supported platforms:
```
